Update authentication docs (#164)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/authentication/authentication-validator.md

# Authentication-validator library

> This is a spring service which validates jwt access tokens issued by keycloak. On invalid token it throws the
> corresponding ResponseStatusException. \
> This service is used by all Gamify-IT backends to validate the users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a spring service which validates jwt access tokens issued by keycloak. \
When it encounters an invalid token, it throws a `ResponseStatusException` with the corresponding HTTP status. \
This service is used by all Gamify-IT backends to validate the users and to require authentication for specific routes.
```

## Usage

### Properties

Needs following properties from the application:

| Property key    | Environment variable | Description                                  | Example                                                    |
|-----------------|----------------------|----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| keycloak.url    | KEYCLOAK_URL         | the realm url to fetch the certificates from | keycloak.url=http://localhost/keycloak/realms/Gamify-IT    |
| keycloak.issuer | KEYCLOAK_ISSUER      | the issuer mentioned in the tokens           | keycloak.issuer=http://localhost/keycloak/realms/Gamify-IT |

### Needed Dependencies

```xml

<repositories>
    <repository>
        <id>sqa-artifactory</id>
        <name>SQA Artifactory-releases</name>
        <url>https://rss-artifactory.ddnss.org/artifactory/libs-release</url>
    </repository>
</repositories>
```

```xml

<dependency>
    <groupId>de.uni-stuttgart.gamify-it</groupId>
    <artifactId>authentification-validator</artifactId>
    <version>v1.0.0</version>
</dependency>
```

## Class diagram

> ![package](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/102458061/190691184-0d0bb396-f715-4178-8ca7-beec4c32698d.png)

Reviewer: Ehm… Do you really want to upload it like that simply as an attachment?
I mean this will work… probably. Until GitHub decides to delete this image.
We could also put it into this repository.

Author: I just copied that link from the readme file

Author: @delvh pls approve 🍽️
